“Health is a state of complete harmony of the body, mind and spirit. When one is free from physical disabilities and mental distractions, the gates of the soul open.” – B.K.S. Iyengar
“To ensure good health: eat lightly, breathe deeply, live moderately, cultivate cheerfulness, and maintain an interest in life.” -William Londen
“Physical fitness is the first requisite of happiness.” – Joseph Pilates
“The human body has been designed to resist an infinite number of changes and attacks brought about by its environment. The secret of good health lies in successful adjustment to changing stresses on the body.” – Harry J. Johnson
“Good health is not something we can buy. However, it can be an extremely valuable savings account.”-Anne Wilson Schaef
“You can’t control what goes on outside, but you CAN control what goes on inside.” – Unknown
“The cheerful mind perseveres, and the strong mind hews its way through athousand difficulties.” – Swami Vivekananda
“It is health that is the real wealth, and not pieces of gold and silver.” – Mahatma Gandhi
“Keeping your body healthy is an expression of gratitude to the whole cosmos- the trees, the clouds, everything.” – Thich Nhat Hanh
“Divide each difficulty into as many parts as is feasible and necessary to resolve it, and watch the whole transform.” – Rene Descartes
“Every negative belief weakens the partnership between mind and body.” – Deepak Chopra
“Health is a state of complete mental, social and physical well-being, not merely the absence of disease or infirmity.” – World Health Organization, 1948
“The doctor of the future will give no medicine, but will instruct his patients in care of the human frame, in diet, and in the cause and prevention of disease.” – Thomas Edison
“I have chosen to be happy because it is good for my health.” – Voltaire
“A sad soul can be just as lethal as a germ.” – John Steinbeck 
“Remain calm, because peace equals power.”- Joyce Meyer
“Healthy citizens are the greatest asset any country can have.” – Winston Churchill
“A good laugh and a long sleep are the best cures in the doctor’s book.” – Irish proverb
"A fit, healthy body—that is the best fashion statement" –Jess C Scott
“Time and health are two precious assets that we don’t recognize and appreciate until they have been depleted.”  – Denis Waitley 
“A healthy outside starts from the inside.”  – Robert Urich
“The wish for healing has always been half of health.” – Lucius Annaeus Seneca
“A good laugh and a long sleep are the best cures in the doctor’s book.” – Irish proverb
“The more you understand yourself, the more silence there is, the healthier you are.” – Maxime Lagacé
“To ensure good health: eat lightly, breathe deeply, live moderately, cultivate cheerfulness, and maintain an interest in life.” – William Londen
"Take care of your body. It's the only place you have to live." – Unknown
“It is health that is real wealth and not pieces of gold and silver.” – Unknown